
Class supervisor: unlock exam access control

Function calculator: definite integral broken for oscillating functions.
Translator incompatibility with dictionaries with accents.

Add module_option and option "securereply".
race condition in wimslogd updating.

Gateway: write to teachers.
Gateway moduser: userlist in other classes not updated.
Quota for nested classes.
module publication search.
Gateway: forum management.

special log for directexec.
Independence des feuilles d'examen.
Trouble with javascript animation replay?
Add sheet exercise renewal limitations.
csv down/upload in gateway: supervise and participate, add/remove superclass.

Publish: block same title publication.
An ordinary site with good titles for search engines.

Add command !logline, to append a line to a file in log.
Gateway: score collect
Gateway: installation by file (specific designs only)
adm/class/userlist: var.avg should be moved into wimslogd.
sheet data cached in wimslogd: 8K buffer per sheet, 32 sheets. 256K.

popup is not working for module documents: should move popup module to scripts.
uniformize header.
a softer anti-back-button policy, with an adm module.
batch colored instex.
instex cache not working.
use html 4.01 fonts.

Modtool: help on domains.
Disable general rafale? In particular backups.
Deductio: multiplication by 0 and equivalence in ineq.

Good replies not shown in coord.
conditional execution in flydraw.
Insertion of TeX in flydraw.

Forum: email interface.
rpm: must test old wims group and group compatibility.
utf-8 adaptation.
Recover deleted files in Modtool.

languages: lisp, scheme.
Method to kill/stop browser history list?
Class: Recover/cover scores during selected period. Risky! No.
But one can selectively erase activities for a particular student.

Certificate sheets. WIMS certificate system.

instex/insdraw: do not repeat identical generations (transmission cost).

Mathml support

Exo in worksheet: next exercise.
bouton javascript pour tourner les images.

# Optimizations:
quadratic algorithm in !item of.
Interfaces: replace indefinite waiting for stdin by timeout.

